Query from deep storage doc fixes. (#15382)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/sql-api.md

Keep the following in mind when submitting queries to the `sql/statements` endpoint:

- Apart from the context parameters mentioned [here](../multi-stage-query/reference.md#context-parameters) there are additional context parameters for `sql/statements` specifically:

   - `executionMode`  determines how query results are fetched. Druid currently only supports `ASYNC`. You must manually retrieve your results after the query completes.

>    - `selectDestination` determines where final results get written. By default, results are written to task reports. Set this parameter to `durableStorage` to instruct Druid to write the results from SELECT queries to durable storage, which allows you to fetch larger result sets. For result sets with more than 3000 rows, it is highly recommended to use `durableStorage`. Note that this requires you to have [durable storage for MSQ enabled](../operations/durable-storage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `selectDestination` determines where final results get written. By default, results are written to task reports. Set this parameter to `durableStorage` to instruct Druid to write the results from SELECT queries to durable storage, which allows you to fetch larger result sets. For result sets with more than 3000 rows, it is highly recommended to use `durableStorage`. Note that this requires you to have [durable storage for MSQ](../operations/durable-storage.md) enabled.
```

Reviewer: QQ - What's the significance of 3000 rows here?  Can we instead say it like: 
`For result sets with many rows, xyz or so, ....` where xyz can be 3000, though a round number like 5000/10000 seems slightly better.
A very minor nit, so we can leave it as is if not required.

Author: The notion was using the same value we use for task report result chomping. 
`Limits.MAX_SELECT_RESULT_ROWS` so that task reports donot ever explode.

* `page` (optional)
    * Type: Int

>     * Refine paginated results

Reviewer: nit: what does refine mean?

Reviewer: Also, what's the default value of this parameter?

* `resultFormat` (optional)
    * Type: String

>     * Get results in different formats like `object`,`objectLines`,`array`,`arrayLines`,`csv`. Default is `object`.

Reviewer: Can we reword this like how it is done in `query-from-deep-storage.md`. That seems cleaner because it presents the options like an exhaustive list of the supported parameters
```suggestion
    * Defines the format in which the results are presented. The following options are supported `arrayLines`,`objectLines`,`array`,`object`, and `csv`. The default is `object`.
```
